covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/api/config/ApiSetting.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.config.ApiSetting
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/api/config/JsonConfiguration.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.config.JsonConfiguration
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/api/config/WebClientConfig.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.config.WebClientConfig
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/api/repositoryimpl/CioRepositoryImpl.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.repositoryimpl.CioRepositoryImpl
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/api/dto/VaccinationResponse.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.dto.VaccinationResponse
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.api.dto.VaccinationResponse$VaccinationResponseBuilder
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/CioFeederApplication.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.CioFeederApplication
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/repository/api/CioRepository.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.repository.api.CioRepository
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/constant/Status.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.constant.Status
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/presentation/function/dto/PubSubMessage.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.presentation.function.dto.PubSubMessage
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.presentation.function.dto.PubSubMessage$PubSubMessageBuilder
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/config/ClockConfig.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.config.ClockConfig
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/constant/Age.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.constant.Age
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/db/dto/VaccinationCollection.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.db.dto.VaccinationCollection
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.db.dto.VaccinationCollection$VaccinationCollectionBuilder
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/model/Vaccination.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.model.Vaccination
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.model.Vaccination$VaccinationBuilder
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/infrastructure/db/repositoryimpl/FirestoreRepositoryImpl.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.infrastructure.db.repositoryimpl.FirestoreRepositoryImpl
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/constant/Gender.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.constant.Gender
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/constant/FukuiPopulation.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.constant.FukuiPopulation
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/repository/db/FirestoreRepository.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.repository.db.FirestoreRepository
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/domain/constant/Prefecture.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.domain.constant.Prefecture
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/exception/CioFeederException.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.exception.CioFeederException
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/application/service/VaccinationService.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.application.service.VaccinationService
covid/fukui/vaccine/ciofeeder/presentation/function/CioFeedSubscriber.java
 covid.fukui.vaccine.ciofeeder.presentation.function.CioFeedSubscriber
